docs: update information about package management (#29086)
github/docs: content/rest/packages/packages.md

## About {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}

> Github packages suppports a range of package manager for publishing packages. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages#supported-clients-and-formats)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} suppports a range of package managers for publishing packages. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages#supported-clients-and-formats)."
```

> {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} suppports a range of package managers for publishing packages. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages#supported-clients-and-formats)."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} supports a range of package managers for publishing packages. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages#supported-clients-and-formats)."
```

Tiny typo fix!
